hi Hey
I take FCB the trots
I thought Joey and I would be okay once
we hung out but it's like we don't even
know how to be with each other anymore
I know it's tough now but things will
get better how do you know that what if
it just gets worse and worse and worse
to the point where we can't even be in
the same room with each other I'm not
great at the advice can I interest you
in a sarcastic comment some cheese hey I
really don't have to tell you Rach I
really don't I mean maybe Joey can help
you out with your with your big work
problem but yeah Joey she's just majors
got this really big work problem it is a
head scratcher Wow
you know what if we're gonna make dinner
we're gonna have to leave yeah
so you uh have a big work problem yeah
it's um yeah uh it's nothing you know
it's nothing huh
okay so uh I think I'm gonna take off
ya know what you weren't doing the way
it is it's something it said it's um
it's my boss yeah yeah and um and my
baby yeah I've always wants to buy my
baby what
oh my oh my god I know I told you it's a
really big problem he wants to buy your
baby and you believe that that's crazy
what I told him well go how did this
even happen yeah I'll tell you see Wow
my my boss and and his wife they they
can't have children so um and then when
we were at the Christmas party and he
got drunk and he said to me Rachel I
want to buy your baby man
oh you well you said it was a problem
about your boss and the baby I figured
it was something about maternity leave
oh yeah
yeah that would have been a much simpler
problem
hey great advice on that Joey thing yeah
the work Vavilov was perfect I mean it
really felt like he was my friend again
what problems you tell me how does it
that's not important the point is I
really I think everything's gonna be
okay
I help you you think you can just buy my
friend's baby